[Workers] Add details on local data and how to interact with it (#14098)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/testing/local-development.md

[^1]: Using Workers AI always accesses your Cloudflare account in order to run AI models and will incur usage charges even in local development.

## Work with local data

When running `wrangler dev`, resources such as KV, Durable Objects, D1, and R2 will be stored and persisted locally and not affect the production resources. 

### Use bindings in `wrangler.toml`

[Wrangler](/workers/wrangler/) will automatically create local versions of bindings found in the `wrangler.toml` [configuration file](/workers/wrangler/configuration/). These local resources will not have data in them initially, so you will need to add data manually via Wrangler commands and the [`--local` flag](/workers/testing/local-development/#use---local-flag).

> When you run `wrangler dev` Wrangler creates local resources in a `.wrangler` folder like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run `wrangler dev` Wrangler stores local resources in a `.wrangler/state` folder, which is automatically created.
```

> ```bash
> ├── .wrangler
> │   ├── state
> │   │   ├── cache
> │   │   ├── <Resource ie. kv, d1, r2>
> │   │       ├── miniflare-<miniflare identifier>
> │   │       ├── <Resource ID or random UUID>
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sh
$ npx wrangler dev --persist-to <DIRECTORY>
```

Using this will write all local storage and cache to the specified directory instead of `.wrangler`.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

This local persistence folder should be added to your `.gitignore` file.

{{</Aside>}}

### Use `--local` flag

The following [Wrangler commands](/workers/wrangler/commands/) have a `--local` flag which allows you to create, update, and delete local data during development:

| Command                                    |
| ----------------------------------------------------|
| [`d1 execute`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#execute) |
| [`kv:key](/workers/wrangler/commands/#kvkey) |
| [`kv:bulk`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#kvbulk) |
| [`r2 object`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#r2-object) |

If using `--persist-to` to specify a custom folder with `wrangler dev` you should also add `--persist-to` with the same directory name along with the `--local` flag when running the commands above. For example, to put a custom KV key into a local namespace via the CLI you would run:

```sh
$ npx wrangler kv:key put test 12345 --binding MY_KV_NAMESPACE --local --persist-to worker-local
```

> This will create a new key `test` with a value of `12345` on the local namespace specified via the binding `MY_KV_NAMESPACE` in `wrangler.toml`. This command also assumes that the local persistence data is set to `worker-local` so `--persist-to` is set to that ensuring the data is created in the correct location. If `--persist-to` was not set, it would create the data at `.wrangler`.

Reviewer 2: What is 'this'? Let's replace with the proper noun(s)
```suggestion
_____ will create a new key `test` with a value of `12345` on the local namespace specified via the binding `MY_KV_NAMESPACE` in `wrangler.toml`. The _____ command also assumes that the local persistence data is set to `worker-local` so `--persist-to` is set to that ensuring the data is created in the correct location. If `--persist-to` was not set, it would create the data at `.wrangler`.
```

> This will create a new key `test` with a value of `12345` on the local namespace specified via the binding `MY_KV_NAMESPACE` in `wrangler.toml`. This command also assumes that the local persistence data is set to `worker-local` so `--persist-to` is set to that ensuring the data is created in the correct location. If `--persist-to` was not set, it would create the data at `.wrangler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a new key `test` with a value of `12345` on the local namespace specified via the binding `MY_KV_NAMESPACE` in `wrangler.toml`. This example command sets the local persistence directory to `worker-local` using `--persist-to`, to ensure that the data is created in the correct location. If `--persist-to` was not set, it would create the data in the `.wrangler` folder.
```

Reviewer 2: Can you change 'this' to actually name the thing and not just be 'this'? We should always be defining 'this' as the proper noun.

Reviewer: How's "The above command"?

### Clear Wrangler's local storage

> If you need to clear local storage entirely, delete the `.wrangler/state` folder. You can also be more fine-tuned and delete specific resource folders within `.wrangler/state`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to clear local storage entirely, delete the `.wrangler/state` folder. You can also be more fine-grained and delete specific resource folders within `.wrangler/state`.
```

Any deleted folders will be created automatically the next time you run `wrangler dev`.

> ## Develop locally using remote resources and bindings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Develop using remote resources and bindings
```

> There may be times you want to develop against remote resources and bindings. To run `wrangler dev` in remote mode, add the `--remote` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be times you want to develop against remote resources and bindings. To run `wrangler dev` in remote mode, add the `--remote` flag, which will run both your code and resources remotely:
```
